README.md, before:

# SEM-Bigwig
The goal of this project is to provide the end-user with a set of tools that handles all the necessary steps in order to communicate the code (and data) securely to the destinated Secure Machine, and back.

In the Secure Machine, the process' memory instances outside the trusted zone are encrypted & signed. *A landlord* stands for a unit of meta-data that corresponds with memory quota of single cacheline. Landlord instances are predominantly allocated outside the trusted zone, hence, same restrictions apply.

## Landlord

The **Landlord module** is aimed to encrypt & sign the source code of a restricted program. Currently, the module generates the required signatures for authentication, and manipulates the file header to allocate memory segment, to be populated later.


To test the module's functionality:
- from the *Landlord* folder, call `make` to compile the module's CPython code,
- either place an executable in *Landlord/tst*, or simply call `make test`, and,
- execute *./sample.py [executable path]*.

#### Notes
- Requirements: Built for 64-bit machine running Linux with Python v3.5
- The Secure Machine doesn't support dynamically linked files, therefore, in order to witness the full functionality of the module, one has to execute the sample code with executables compiled using `--static` flag.

Commit message:

Implement CLI parser
Code has gone through some refactoring:
* Elementary test function moved to sanity.py
* sample.py now accepts arguments, and produces meaningful
synopsis

README.md, after:

# SEM-Bigwig
The goal of this project is to provide the end-user with a set of tools that handles all the necessary steps in order to communicate the code (and data) securely to the destinated Secure Machine, and back.

In the Secure Machine, the process' memory instances outside the trusted zone are encrypted & signed. *A landlord* stands for a unit of meta-data that corresponds with memory quota of single cacheline. Landlord instances are predominantly allocated outside the trusted zone, hence, same restrictions apply.

## Landlord

The **Landlord module** is aimed to encrypt & sign the source code of a restricted program. Currently, the module generates the required signatures for authentication, and manipulates the file header to allocate memory segment, to be populated later.


To test the module's functionality:
- from the *Landlord* folder, call `make` to compile the module's C extenstions,
- either place an executable in *Landlord/tst*, or simply call `make test`, and,
- execute *./sample.py [executable path]*.

#### Notes
- Built for Ubuntu 16.04.3 64-bit with Python v3.5, nasm and pip3
- The Secure Machine doesn't support dynamically linked files, therefore, in order to witness the full functionality of the module, one has to execute the sample code with executables compiled using `--static` flag.
